Add information on changing Grafana password (#1806)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/monitoring.adoc

For more information about the monitoring formulas, see xref:specialized-guides:salt/salt-formula-monitoring.adoc[].

=== Change Grafana Password

> To change Grafana password please follow the steps described in upstream documentation.
> https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/user-management/user-preferences/#change-your-grafana-password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the Grafana password follow the steps described in the Grafana documentation:

* https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/user-management/user-preferences/#change-your-grafana-password
```

> In case you have lost admin password you can reset it using following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you have lost the Grafana password you can reset it as [literal]``rooot``using the following command:
```

Author: Here the Grafana administrator password is meant.

Reviewer: ok, I edited my suggestion.
